Now, one use case for JMS is to actually
send a JMS message and then expect a
reply. So, this kind of breaks the
asynchronicity of typical JMS messaging.
But there are use cases where you wanna do a send and receive across the JMS
broker. And what happens in this scenario
is you send out to a queue, the message
consumer then replies back on a
temporary queue. And, this is all kind of
managed transparently for us. And, what
I'm gonna do in this video is I'm gonna
show you how to set that up and it's
actually a little little tricky but not
too bad. And, I'm gonna start off here.
And what we're doing, I'm just gonna grab
this here. I'm gonna copy this
completely and we'll modify it. And I am
going to clean this up a little bit so
we don't get that chatter from this guy.
And let's see here. I'm gonna get rid of
that
say sendAndReceiveMessage. And on this let's
actually add a new queue for this.
Copy that like so and MY_SEND_RCV_QUEUE.
So, I'm gonna call that replybacktome.
So, MY_SEND_RCV_QUEUE is gonna be replybacktome. So, that's the name of
the queue that we are going to be
working out and let's come back over
here to my HelloSender.
What we wanna do here is no one wanna use convertAndSend. What we're going
to do is sendAndReceive. And here,
we're gonna use the message
destination such JmsConfig. We're gonna do MY_SEND_RCV_QUEUE like so.
This is where it gets a little bit
tricky. We actually need to
instantiate at an interface. So, we wanna do a new MessageCreator like that.
And here what we wanna do is do this
session.
We need to do a Message. So, I'm gonna
do helloMessage equals session.create
We want to createTextMessage
like so. And here, because we're not doing
the conversion. Remember, how we had to
convert and save we need to manage that
ourselves. So, what we need to do here is
I'm going to come up here as a
private final.
So remember, Spring Boot is going to be creating a Jackson object
mapper for us and configuring. So, we'll
use that. We'll just be consistent with
that. And, I'm creating that private final
property and our Lombok will provide a
constructor and Spring will go ahead
and inject that for us. So now here down
on the message, what we wanna do is say
helloMessage. Actually it goes into
the constructor. I'm sorry.
In the constructor, what we'll do is
we'll do objectMapper.writeValueAsString
and we'll take in our message.
And we'll typo on that.
And also, what we wanna do on the
helloMessage, we want to set up property
so a string property because remember,
here in our JmsConfig, we are doing
this type. So, that's exactly what we want
to put on our message. Remember, that
was getting set to this fully qualified
class name. So, come over here to our
HelloWorldMessage. I grabbed the
package of this.
And of course, I could do reflection for
it too. Get the fully qualified class name
but this is just as easy.
So, that's set that up. And now we wanna do a return
another helloMessage like so.
And here, I'm surrounding this with a
catch statement and I clean this up a
little bit. IntelliJ didn't quite do it
right for me.
And if this fails, I am just gonna go
throw a new JMSException.
So, if it fails, it will go kaboom. So, I'm
just handling that exception there. So,
I'm creating a new MessageCreator. And
what this is going to do is I'm
implementing this MessageCreator and I have
this createMessage which is gonna
return back the message. I'm building the
message from up here on line 45. I'm
doing the exact same thing that convertAndSend did. So, I'm sending out that
message like that. So, I clean this
little piece up.
I'm gonna get rid of this piece here.
And lets do like so. I'm just reviewing what got going
on here.
I put a little output here "Sending Hello". So, this is gonna do the
send portion of it. Now, we need to handle
the return.
So I'm going to add and
make sure I copy this guy too. So, I do
this like so.
And here, I wanna do listenFor. I'll just say listenforHello. And in
this case, we will want to change the queue
name.
MY_SEND_RCV_QUEUE
and I get rid of this here. And I'm
gonna comment this out so we don't see
that chatter when we run it.
And in this case, what we wanna do here
is we also need a JmsTemplate. So, let's
go in private.
So, adding in the JmsTemplate and let's
add in @RequiredArgsConstructor. And here,
what we will do is come in say jmsTemplate and we want to convertAndSend.
And here, what we need to do is cast a
Destination
message. That's a getJMSReplyTo.
Actually, we need to send a message on
that. I am going to steal this guy right here.
And this time, we're gonna say "World!!".
I need to rename this too.
So, what's going on here is I'm building up that message object. I'm doing a convertAndSent, just like we
were doing before. But the secret sauce
here is we are gonna be taking the
JMS reply to. And actually, I don't need
that cast in there. So, I'm get rid of
that. So, I'm taking the JMSReplyTo
write off the message and then I'm
adding in the payload message. And let's
go ahead. Let's see here. And then finally,
what we wanna do here under
sender.
We are actually gonna
getting a message.
So, we are gonna do a receive message.
We can get rid of the System.out. Or
actually, what we wanna do is
and a getBody that will be that should
be the object. So, it should be
a WorldMessage class. So, let's see if
that works.
All right! So, I think we got
go ahead and try running this now and
see what we get.
And, we are getting a body not a sign ...
So let's try a string.
That doesn't do it. I'll bring this up in the debugger.
So now we can see that that is in fact
working. So, we have the hello world
coming back. So now getting a round trip.
Basically, we're sending a message and
also receiving that message. So, by using
the sendAndReceive, this functionality
is setting a temporary queue on the
message and it's going up to the queue.
And then, it's returning back to
different queue. And actually, let me stop
this and bring this up in the debugger
so you can actually see that. So, if I
come up here and I'm gonna set a
breakpoint here, remove that one and
let's run this in the debugger and we'll
break on that. I wanna inspect the
message. I wanna show you that
temporary property that temporary queue
that gets set up on that. So that we are
broke.
Here we are in the message. You can see
the msgID and this reply to right
here. So, this is the reply to temporary
queue. So, what's happening is message
sender is saying, I want to reply on
this temporary queue. And then, it's gonna
listen on that temporary queue to get
the message back. So, that's kind of neat how that
works.
Like I said it at the beginning in the
video, typically you're gonna send a
message and forget. But there is a use
case where you wanna send a message
and get a response back. And by using
these temporary queues, this is a way
that you can do and get asynchronous
response back through signing JMS
messages.
Stop the debugger and we'll do a quick
review of the changes that I made in
this video. First off in the jmsConfig, I
added a new queue name so to replybacktome
queue. And then, on the sender added a
new sendAndReceive method scheduled to
go every two seconds. I'm sending a "Hello
World" message with a payload of just
"Hello" as the message itself. And then
through a jmsTemplate, I am doing the
sendAndReceive message. I'm sending to
that new queue and then I'm creating a new
instance of a message from creator. You
could see IntelliJ is saying that we
could replace this with a Lambda.
Probably a little cleaner and do it that
way, optionally. But here, this is
fine for our purposes of demonstrating
this. And then, I'm going to create a new
message here and we are manually
handling what we did. So remember we set
up this MessageConverter and that is
going to be providing a MessageConverter for us. That's configured by
Jackson and Spring Boot. Here, we can't
use that because that is a wired into
the convertAndSend. So, what we are going
to do is manually do that. So, we are
creating an actual JMS text message. And
in the constructor, we are providing the
JSON value through the object mapper. And
then on line 58, it's important that we
set that underscore type and then the
fully qualified class name of that JSON
payload. So, on the receiving side we can
deserialize it back into a Java object.
So, we send out that message. This JMS
sendAndReceive responds back with a
receiveMsg. And then, here on line 70,
we are going ahead and getting the
body of the message that was sent to us
on the queue, on the temporary reply
queue.